---
title: "Product development easy for Full Stack Developers"
description: "Typescripte monorepo solution powered by Nest JS, Vue, Capacitor and Ionic components for your software application."
navigation: false
layout: fluid
---

::block-hero
---
announcement:
  - 'Announcing Nuxt Content v2'
  - /blog/announcing-v2
cta:
  - Discord
  - https://discord.gg/UN8mqgC79S
secondary:
  - Follow on Twitter
  - https://twitter.com/productdevbook
---

#title
Product development easy for Full Stack Developers

#description
The productdevbook-monorepo is a monorepo solution set up and communicating with each other in the project by `NestJS`, `Vue`, `Capacitor/Ionic` to create a powerful management layer for your application. It speeds up our 1-year search and knowledge base. In this way, you quickly start coding an API, website, and mobile application. Use monorepo used with the [Turborepo](https://turborepo.org/).
::

::card-grid
#title
Powerful Features

#default
  ::card
  ---
  icon: mdi-source-repository
  title: Built for NestJS, Vue 3, Vite, Capacitor
  navTitle: 'Home'
  description: 'Take advantage of Typescript features: Vue 3, Vite, Capacitor Mobile App and GraphQL Api'
  ---
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  icon: mdi-graphql
  title: GraphQL API
  description: 'The whole structure leveraged the power of GraphQL and integrated them with Typescript.'
  ---
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  icon: iconoir-packages
  title: Packages
  description: Special libraries that you can use between mobile and web have been built
  ---
  ::
  ::card
  ---
  icon: ph-lightning-duotone
  title: DX
  description: We thought and developed all the places where we would waste a lot of time while coding. There is magic in some places.
  ---
  ::
  ::card
  ---
  icon: ph-download-duotone
  title: Lifetime updates
  description: I will continue the maintenance, deficiencies and library updates of the monorepo.
  ---
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  icon: ph:rocket-launch
  title: Deploy everywhere.
  description: With special video narrations and documentation, you will be able to publish your products in life without any problems.
  ---
  ::
